1. The build should trigger as soon as anyone in the dev team checks in code to master branch.
Answer:
a) Login to azure DevOps
b) Go to the project where we are going to create CI/CD pipeline
c) Then click the "Branches" and go to "Branch policy" under master branch
d) Under "Build Validation" click "Add new build policy" and fill the required filled as mention below
 "Build Pipeline"= Choose build pipeline that should build automatically in dropdown
 "Trigger"= Automatic(whenever the source branch is updated)
 "policy requirement"= Required
And Then Save

2. There will be test projects which will create and maintained in the solution along the Web and API. 
The trigger should build all the 3 projects - Web, API and test.
The build should not be successful if any test fails.

Answer:
In pipeline there is "Control Options" and we need uncheck "Continue on error" in every task.

3.The deployment of code and artifacts should be automated to Dev environment.

Answer:
In build pipeline go to "Trigger" Session and checked the box "Enable continuous integration"
In release pipeline go to Artifact section and click the "continuous deployment trigger" and "enabled" the release every time a new build is available.

4. Upon successful deployment to the Dev environment, deployment should be easily promoted to QA 
and Prod through automated process.

Answer:
In release pipeline, go to the QA stages and click "Pre-deployment conditions" and under Triggers "Select after stage triggers" and in drop down select the Dev stages.
In release pipeline, go to the Prod stages and click "Pre-deployment conditions" and under Triggers "Select after stage triggers" and in drop down select the QA stages.
Then finally "save" the release pipeline.

5. The deployments to QA and Prod should be enabled with Approvals from approvers only.

Answer:
In release pipeline, go to the QA stages and click "Pre-deployment conditions" and enabled "pre-deployment approvals" and mentioned the person mail id who
will approve the stages.

In release pipeline, go to the Prod stages and click "Pre-deployment conditions" and enabled "pre-deployment approvals" and mentioned the person mail id who
will approve the stages.
Then finally "save" the release pipeline.